Move JUnit tests to get started (#767)
graalvm/native-build-tools: docs/src/docs/asciidoc/end-to-end-gradle-guide.adoc

./gradlew nativeRun
----

> Continue to advanced use cases to learn more about the plugin.

Reviewer: I would move this closing sentence below the Run Junit Tests part.

Author: ```suggestion
```

[[run-junit-tests]]
=== Run Junit Tests

This plugin supports running tests on the JUnit Platform.
The tests are compiled ahead of time and executed as native code.

- Add the JUnit 5 dependency to _build.gradle_ / _build.gradle.kts_ to include the testing framework:

[source,groovy,role="multi-language-sample"]
----
testImplementation 'org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter-api:5.8.1'
testRuntimeOnly 'org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter-engine:5.8.1'
testImplementation 'junit:junit:4.13.2'
----

[source,kotlin,role="multi-language-sample"]
----
testImplementation('org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter-api:5.8.1')
testRuntimeOnly('org.junit.jupiter:junit-jupiter-engine:5.8.1')
testImplementation('junit:junit:4.13.2')
----

- Run the tests:

[source,bash,role="multi-language-sample"]
----
./gradlew nativeTest
----

> The tests are compiled ahead of time and executed as native code.

Reviewer 2: We should mention that `nativeTest` first executes tests on the JVM to collect test IDs. This was causing confusion with the users.

> The tests are compiled ahead of time and executed as native code.

Author: ```suggestion
The `nativeTest` task first runs tests on the JVM to collect test IDs. After this initial step, it compiles the tests ahead of time and executes them as native code. 

Continue to advanced use cases to learn more about the plugin.

```

Author: @vjovanov can I get 👀

=== Learn more

> To continue learning, refer to the <<gradle-plugin.adoc#,Gradle plugin documentation>>.

Author: Ah I dont remember changing this 🤔
